Class...
There's something I forgot to mention in my earlier lesson.
Even an assassin who's cleverly avoided all head-to-head battles
is sure to have at least one encounter in their life
where they must fight with every last ounce of strength they possess.
And in my case...
that would be now!
Korosensei!
tonikaku mou chotto matte tonikaku mou chotto matte
"Wait, just hang on a sec!"
sakebi mo munashiku kiete sakebi mo munashiku kiete
I scream, but it gets me nowhere
boku wa tadatada semaru limit
I put all my strength into being afraid
zenryoku obietetan da zenryoku obietetan da
Of the limits that just keep on closing in
genjitsu to wa youshanakute genjitsu to wa youshanakute
Reality is merciless Reality is merciless
toku ni jikan wa yabai ne toku ni jikan wa yabai ne
And time is especially tricky
sorenashi ja nemurenai blanket ubawareteku no ni niteru
It's like someone's snatching away my security blanket
taai mo nai imi mo wakannai taai mo nai imi mo wakannai
We laughed and fretted We laughed and fretted
koto de warattari nayandari koto de warattari nayandari
Over silly things, nonsensical things
saigo no chaimu narihibikeba
Once the final bell rings out tanoshii toki mo owaru
tanoshii toki mo owaru The fun times will be over, too
The fun times will be over, too Assassination
Classroom
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no manabi wo kaban ni tsumekonde
365 days' worth of lessons shoved into bags
itsumo mitai mata ashita teki ni
Like always, as though we'll see each other tomorrow
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no dekigoto
365 days' worth of happenings
boku wo otona ni shita nara namida nante mise mo shinaide
If you've taught me how to be an adult, don't be showing me tears
bye bye yesterday bye bye yesterday Bye-bye, yesterday
Bye-bye, yesterday
sanbyaku-rokujuu-gonichi bun no omoide
365 days' worth of memories 365 days' worth of memories
90 Minutes Till Deadline to Assassinate Korosensei
motto otona ni nattemo motto otona ni nattemo
Even if I grow up some more Even if I grow up some more
sukoshi mo iroasenai sa sukoshi mo iroasenai sa
They won't fade one bit from my mind
23rd Period Chiba Ryuunosuke & Hayami Rinka
Final Boss Time
A sonic boom with every attack...
That was what we could expect from the extraordinary battle that was underway.
Though we couldn't make out their movements, we knew this much:
Korosensei was overwhelmingly losing ground!
Korosensei!
Feeling hopeless yet, guinea pig?
Two against one, times tentacles...
times genius... times the power of hate.
We've far surpassed the likes of you!
Please...
Teach me to kill!
Are you certain? That was your father I just killed, you know.
That doesn't matter!
When I saw you, my father's killer, it finally came to me:
This is what my life of luxury has been missing!
I want to learn your skills! Even if I die trying!
The boy didn't know right from wrong,
but his eyes were brimming with talent
and his own brand of hopes and dreams.
It didn't have to have come to this.
Before he threw away his future and his sanity,
there must have been another way to have raised him.
Their battle was in a whole different dimension.
One beyond our imagination.
Enough to make us feel as though all our hard work over the past year had been meaningless.
We were a hindrance.
We couldn't do anything—not even run away.
We were Korosensei's greatest...
Is he... starting to dodge?!
Hmph. Then how about this?
Not even close!
Wow...
Deflecting attacks with the very minimum amount of energy,
using dirt to block the blinding light,
and closing in so the enemy can't build momentum...
He's closing their battle-power gap through ingenious moves!
That's our Korosensei, through and through.
Chalk this part up to sheer experience!
This is where I, the teacher, take responsibility
for a pupil of mine who's strayed from the path.
However...
Yanagisawa. Leave us.
This is a place for students to learn and grow.
You have no right to be here!
Still fancy yourself a teacher, eh, guinea pig?
Then let's put you to the test.
Don't you see why we chose this moment to make our move?
You'll protect them, right?
Isn't that what a teacher does?
What is this?
Where are the kids?
Korosensei!
You're the very model of an educator, guinea pig!
Were you on your own, you could avoid these harsh blows,
but you take them head-on to protect your students!
All right, 2.0: next!
Next.
Next!
Next! Next! Next!
Such darkly seething emotions...
The strongest feeling in the world is the bloodlust born of love.
He surely won't be satisfied until his target is torn to pieces,
body and soul...
Korosensei!
Put the target with his students and this was a foregone conclusion.
You chose wrong, kids.
Deciding to show up here tonight was a bad move.
Stop, Yanagisawa!
Don't drag those students in any deeper!
Karasuma!
Shut up and watch, government lapdogs.
You don't stand a chance against me now, let alone both of us.
We'd seen it all along.
We'd seen it, and yet...
we'd looked away.
I estimate seven or eight of them will die.
You'll have to jump in and save them, Korosensei.
How does it feel?
What's it like, seeing your students despair that they're holding back their dear, dear teacher?
Now do you see it? Your biggest weak point?
Korosensei's biggest weak point...
was us.
Us That's preposterous!
This isn't a question of choosing right or wrong!
They risked life and limb to try to save me
and overcame obstacles to meet me here!
That whole journey, that dedication—
they're the greatest gift a teacher could receive!
They're not a weak point, and they're not a hindrance!
They're my students!
And I'm proud of each and every one of them!
What's more,
protecting one's students is a teacher's natural duty!
Yes, yes, very good. But we'll deny you that duty of yours, too.
Soon your strength will run out,
and the students you've been protecting?
I will slaughter them.
This year you gained by destroying our lives...
I'll make it all have been for naught!
Then our revenge will finally be complete!
Now, let's continue.
Better protect those sweet students of yours.
Huh?!
You fool!
What is she doing?!
Run, Korosensei.
I'll buy you time! Just hide somewhere and recover!
Kayano-san?!
Oh?
That's a former tentacle-user for you.
You've retained that kinetic vision, I see.
Stop, Kayano-san!
I'd regretted it all this time.
That it was my fault the class learned the truth.
That I'd snatched away the fun times we'd had together.
So please, at least let me protect you...
as your student!
You were right!
Thanks to your actions,
the class got to learn what was truly important!
2.0!
Don't worry, Korosensei.
You can do it if you try.
You know who taught me that? My sister...
and you yourself!
I-I get to have both sisters die right in front of me?!
What a couple of troublemakers!
Maybe I should've kept her as her sister's stand-in!
Though I prefer my girls not to be riddled with holes, you know?
Assassination Classroom Final Season Kayano Kaede
There we go!
When you're beside yourself, emotions running wild, your whole body goes pitch-black!
And only then can you unleash your full power!
In other words, this is the destructive creature showing his true colors!
You yourself have undone the whole year you spent
wearing that ridiculous yellow hypocrite's face!
Most satisfactory!
And as for this full-bore fury of yours...
2.0's true power will render that meaningless as well.
Now for his final attack.
Let's get away from here!
Nagisa?
Now, while his attention is elsewhere!
If we stay, we'll get caught up in this for sure!
B-But... Discretion is the better part of valor!
This was one hellish year, all right.
But it ends now.
What?! A white light?
But his tentacles are still black.
No...
It's yellow.
Nope, red!
Green!
Blue!
White!
All my colors...
All my emotions...
All my past...
All my life,
all mixed together...
into pure-white energy.
My pupil...
May your graduation, at least, be peaceful.
Sh-Shit! If that thing liquefies the tentacle cells in me right now...
Nooo!
What's with the flowers?
I just picked a few for decoration.
Thought it might be handy to develop a skill that eases the atmosphere a bit.
I can get rid of them if they're in the way.
No, leave them. You've got good taste.
Better than mine.
Oh, good! Then I'll bring in new ones every day!
You could...
but you ought to be studying chemistry daily instead.
You couldn't kill a mosquito with what you know now.
If only I had seen that smile,
I might have been able to guide him down an entirely different path in life.
The tentacles asked me what I wanted to be.
I wanted you to acknowledge me.
I wanted... to be like you.
Now I can understand how you feel.
If we meet on the other side... let's study together.
So we won't make the same mistakes.
No one shouted for joy.
Korosensei?
Kayano... She's...
Kaede-chan...
Let's lay her down.
No, don't, Nagisa-kun.
I don't want her to have too much contact with germs in the soil.
Korosensei...
Class, the past you've lost will never come back.
I myself have made countless mistakes.
But we can learn from the past so we don't repeat it.
Huh? Wh-What's this?
Kayano-san's blood and somatic cells.
I gathered them up before they fell to the ground
and stored them in a sterile membrane I made with compressed air.
I-In the middle of the battle?!
I'd already set aside several tentacles for protecting you all.
Now to string all these cells together, one by one.
More quickly,
more accurately...
I honed my skills all year long—
so that if history did repeat itself, it wouldn't have the same tragic ending.
Some cells can't be repaired, so instead I'll leave gaps
and fill them with my mucus.
Within a few days, her own cells should regenerate and replace it.
I'm a tad low on blood. Type AB donors, please!
Nakamura-san! Gather up that birthday cake and put it in my mouth!
What?!
But it's a smashed-up pile of dirt-covered garbage!
I need to replenish my energy!
And I wanted to eat it that whole fight! I invoke the thirty-minute rule!
It's the three-second rule!
Yum, yum, yum!
The wound's closing up—
without a single stitch, without leaving a single mark.
Now, once her heart starts working, she'll come back to life.
It should go perfectly, according to my "Emergency Response Guide for a Gut-Shot Student at School."
Who the heck'd anticipate something like that?!
I couldn't tell you earlier, but I was even prepared to put your bodies back together if they were torn to pieces.
As long as I was around, anyway.
As long as the teacher... actually sees his student.
Did you save me... again?
I'll save you as many times as it takes.
Your sister would have done no less.
The important thing is not repeating your mistakes.
komorebi ga yasashiku sashikomu ookina mado no naka
As the dappled sunlight shone gently through the window
Aguri? Did I do a good job as a teacher...
kimi to deatta ano hi wo tooku ni kanjita
The day I met you felt so far away
during this treasure of a year that you gave me?
sukoshi zutsu narabeta omoide wa boku wo atatameru
The memories I've arranged little by little keep me warm
chiisana heya tsunagu kokoro sotto oshiete kureta
A small room, hearts connecting: you taught me gently
kono kisetsu ga mukae ni kitara kimi no sugata mou sagasu koto mo
Once this season comes for me, I won't be able
dekinaku nacchaun da ne dekinaku nacchaun da ne
To seek you out anymore, will I?
zutto wasurezu ni iru yo zutto wasurezu ni iru yo
But I'll hold your memory in my heart
mata kimi ni aeru hi made mata kimi ni aeru hi made
Until the day I can see you again